Add keyboard shortcuts to focus search field (#600)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.md

## Unreleased
### Added
- Search and filter header is now sticky when scrolling

> - Keyboard shortcuts to focus search field: `ctrl + e`, `ctrl + f`, `ctrl + l`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Keyboard shortcuts to focus search field: `ctrl + e` or `cmd + e`
```
